---
layout: post
title: BPMS (Business Process Management System)
description: "У перекладі - система управління бізнес-процесами. Використовуються
  також терміни BPM-система і просто BPM.   Основна ідея BPM-системи гранично проста:  Беремо
  опис бізнес-процесу  і відслідковуємо його виконання за допомогою спеціалізованої
  комп''ютерної програми.   Традиційний спосіб автоматизації бізнес-процесів — розробка
  або придбання готового прикладного програмного забезпечення."
modified: 2018-11-11
tags: [sample post]
image:
  path: /images/abstract-3.jpg
  feature: abstract-3.jpg
  credit: Ukrainian
  creditlink: https://vokov.treba.tk/короткий-опис-bpmn-з-прикладом-хабр-copy/
---

In the transfer - control system of business processes. Also used the terms BPM and BPM just.   The basic idea of the BPM system is very simple: we Take a description of the business process and monitor its implementation with the help of a specialized computer program.   The traditional way to automate business processes is to develop or purchase ready-made application software. However, in practice, applications automate only part of the steps of the business process, and most importantly — making even small changes to the business process scheme means the need for reprogramming and time-consuming. As a result, applications do not have time to update at the pace dictated by the changing business environment and the needs of the enterprise. At first, BPM systems appeared as a solution to this particular problem.   The essence of the BPM solution is that the business process is described in a language that can be directly executed by a specialized program.

A typical BPM system consists of a standard set of components that correspond to well-known stages of the business process life cycle: design, implementation, monitoring.

#### **Design**

Design refers to the development of a business process diagram. Part of the BPM system usually consists of:

1\. ** graphic designer to draw business process diagram

2\. ** storage for storage * * and sharing.

The ability to model a business process using a graphical editor is a fundamental feature of BPM systems: business process design should be performed by a business analyst without the participation of a programmer.   The procedure for creating a business process model is not much different from the usual procedure for drawing diagrams for business analysts. Draw steps, describe business logic, define user groups and list of details entered at each step.   ![] (/uploads/225D193F-595F-4FD2-AFA8-35109794C9DA.jpeg)

The result is stored on the server, after which the process can be initiated. If necessary, you can make changes to the scheme without the help of programmers. Alternatively, a business process diagram can be developed in any of the traditional business process modeling tools and transferred to the BPM system using import / export.

#### **Implementation**

The core of the BPM system is its engine (BPM Engine). It starts business process instances, tracks changes in their States, stores the value of details, and executes business rules. If you compare the scheme of the business process with the notes, the game on which produces a pleasant melody to the ear, the BPM Engine is a mechanical piano that plays on these notes.   The core of BPM systems also provides interfaces for connecting to external applications-special adapters, web services, drivers for accessing relational databases or other data sources. The use of these interfaces depends on the type of business process:

1\. A relatively small proportion of business processes are BPM-system can perform fully automatically by running a number of specialized programs. For example, when a new client is activated, the Internet service provider must create an account for it on the server, add information to the system name service, to the configuration files of the web server and e-mail, and finally create an account and send it to the user along with a notification about the activation of the service. Each operation is performed by a separate program (ideally via a standardized interface — a web service), and BPMS plays the role of a scheduler.

2\. The most common type of business processes, which involves both docking with specialized programs and the participation of living people. For example, an employee of the Finance Department must register the fact of payment in the ERP-system as a step in the business process of selling the goods. This scenario requires the development of front-end programs that work with the context of the business process (that is, with its details), and with an external application program or database. In the context of the business process, links are stored-payment number, counterparty code — for which detailed information can be obtained from an external program or database in the next steps of the business process. Developing such complex applications is usually the most time-consuming part of a BPM project.

3\. Finally, there are business process steps that are impossible or too difficult to automate. (For example, a business process might involve digging a ditch-clearly this is not a task for a computer.) In such a situation, the BPM system will give the user a signal that he is assigned a certain task, and will wait for him to confirm the execution.  A key element of the user interface of the BPM system-T. V. "personal task list", a list of steps of running instances of business processes assigned to a particular user or role group to which he belongs: 

![] (/uploads/17D7606B-D58C-4A3E-BB96-26783839A091.jpeg)

Thanks to this organization of work the performer at the computer does not have to think with what function and what kind of external application it is time to work: he sees a list of tasks assigned to him, and when he takes the next task to perform, the desired program starts automatically.   BPM-systems provide access through a web interface, which makes it easy to involve employees of geographically separate departments and organizations-contractors in collective work.

#### Monitoring

BPM system controls business processes in two ways:

1\. The Manager does not have to find out on whom the arrow is", for each instance of the business process it clearly shows a dynamically formed graphic image. For example, here is a graphical representation of the process instance, the diagram of which was discussed above.   The green color indicates the process steps that are currently being performed; in the example under consideration, two steps are being performed in parallel, one of which corresponds to the main sequence of works, and the second is used to control the process by its initiator. The red arrows show the completed route.

2\. BPM-the system accumulates valuable statistics on the parameters of business process instances execution: intensity (number of instances per week or month), duration (time from start to completion), load on individual specialists (number and duration of completed tasks).  

![] (/uploads/8DD60C3E-305D-4569-9DA0-06BFE567A809.jpeg)

BPM systems typically provide a basic set of reports on business process metrics. On their basis, so-called “key performance indicators” (KPI, Key Performance Indicators) can be designed, which, in turn, can be linked to the “balanced scorecard” (BSC, Balanced Scorecard).

** Translation from bpms.ru**