---
layout: post
title: Social BPM
description: Together we are a team
modified: 2018-11-20 00:00:00 +0000
tags:
- bpm
image:
  path: "/images/85A2B252-E930-4782-B479-04A342548BB6.jpeg"
  feature: 85A2B252-E930-4782-B479-04A342548BB6.jpeg
  credit: Ukrainian
  creditlink: https://vokov.treba.tk/%D0%BE%D1%81%D0%BE%D0%B1%D0%B8%D1%81%D1%82%D1%96-%D1%86%D1%96%D0%BB%D1%96-copy/

---
Modeling business processes is a very complex, need to study [notes BPMN](https://lib.treba.tk/download/21/pdf/21.pdf), possession nstrumental [selected BPMS system](https://lib.treba.tk/download/25/pdf/25.pdf), possession of [theoretical foundations](https://lib.treba.tk/download/25/pdf/25.pdf) modern process [decision-making](https://lib.treba.tk/download/29/pdf/29.pdf), analyze and simulate [business processes](https://lib.treba.tk/download/22/pdf/22.pdf), so their development should involve professionals. But this does not mean that only professionals should be involved. Living business requires interaction between a wide range of people with different skills, and therefore the same is required by the development of processes. 

This is where a new generation of collaborative process development tools will come in handy. We don't want hundreds and thousands of people involved in the process of creating a business, but we want everyone in the business to be involved in the process. The involvement of bespoken participants in the development process will not only improve the process but also improve the awareness and acceptance process. 

To support this approach, a collaborative development environment should typically provide the following capabilities:

* user friendly interface that anyone can use with limited training or without training
* repository as a guarantee of a single source of truth
* easy-to-use development environment for people who do it
* process notations and methodologies should be recognized as the basis
* processes must be consistent with the purposes
* ability to present processes in different formats to meet the needs of different users
* easy commenting on charts and initiating change requests
* simple Analytics so people can ask "what if»
* built-in management processes to manage process changes, availability decision and release
* built-in control panels so people can see up-to-date information about the current state of the process
* process development tools
* collaborative social work so that people can exchange views and comments about the process
* support for various mobile platforms (keep track of your processes in your iPad)


##### Processes made by experts but for people

By applying such a collaborative process development environment, business can be sure that processes are made for people, involve people, but they are developed by professionals, using professional tools. Then they will be valuable for business.