---
layout: post
title: Особисті цілі
description: "Чим довше живу, тим більше подобається процес ..."
modified: 2018-11-20
comments: true
tags: [Особиста ціль]
image:
  path: /images/58A3C82B-9E01-4DBC-A351-48DB7255E10C.jpeg
  feature: 58A3C82B-9E01-4DBC-A351-48DB7255E10C.jpeg
  credit: Ukrainian
  creditlink: https://vokov.treba.tk/впровадження-bpm-copy/
---

Time. The best human resource, money is only a means. Therefore, in all publications, I will try to Express my thoughts as concisely as possible, I will start right now.

How and what we spend our time determines who we are and who we will be. In General, this process is Life. Specifically, a huge amount of action and inaction that we experience more or less consciously. How well I realize every moment of Life is important to me. This is so because my experience says: the deeper and more attentive I experience each moment, the happier I am, the more joy of the time arises, and when there is a reason to have a life, It can be shared. You can't share what's small or not. The depth and attentiveness of the awareness of life directly depends on the internal energy that is spent on it. That is, a Person as with the least effort and time should solve all issues related to the material security of themselves and their families, a complex of social relations, under this condition, the vitality will get to the same attentive and conscious life. We remember the sermon on the Mount, there about the same. Everything is as simple as possible, except the desire to achieve full self - realization, as it is not called-the Kingdom of God or a dozen other words, for a traveler named Man, they will remain words and will not become an experience. it is necessary to have an opportunity that is vital forces and time. This statement is my truth, if it is Yours, read on. Find existing, if necessary, to create new tools that can be used to minimize cost time and effort in everyday life and at work - the main goal of the project Tributek.

It is logical to start with a simple, work out solutions and methods of their implementation, which can then be applied to a more complex. So "simple" is part of life we spend at work. And why? Because it is ordered, that is, the actions that a Person, in this context - an employee, performs, of course, to varying degrees, but repetitive, having a specific time on the vicomaniac and therefore amenable to statistical analysis and mathematical methods optimizatsâ their sequence, if the system, which is part of the employee complex. The more participants in such a system you spend more time and effort to organize the actions of all participants in a single, coherent process, and the more time and effort is lost each participant, if it can not be done.

It so happened that the last eight years I work as a worker at one of the enterprises of the production transnational company Kromberg&Shubert technological process of production of on-Board electrical networks for vehicles requires a significant number of technological operations and many times more work activities performed by thousands of employees. And again, it so happened that the load on the workstation where I work depends on the overall quality of the production process. The more errors in the work of employees for various reasons, from the qualification of the last emergency modes of operation, the more it is. I eliminate only three kinds of possible errors true to hundreds of options. I'm reparatur. By education-engineer, worked as an engineer for optimizatsâ production in another production company, so he made the knowledge and efforts to optimize their own work, than as a result increased the capacity of the workstation by 20 percent and greatly facilitate the conditions of the robot itself and colleagues from other changes. Got a prize of $ 50, but it did not stop me :). I continued to study the subject and technologies that may come in handy on the not easy way to save time and minimize effort.

With what I have worked out, I will acquaint the interested reader, to the best of the possibilities obednuyuchy in a single system, theoretical, software, hardware and do not forget about the main goal. Looking very far ahead to the best possible future of my project, I see a distributed decentralized BPM system with blockchain protection of efficient transactions and a built-in tool for collective development of the business process model, which, in my opinion, is also the best fit for multinational companies such as Kromberg&Shubert, in the current conditions of the fourth industrial revolution, and for me, a Person who celebrates life every minute. If You've read much here, then You are invited to my party, specified in the context of the project, in the form intelectuala search, joy of knowledge, the feeling of being needed business.